If you have any questions about this program, just ask or email Ethan at eodeleon103728@gmail.com.
Be sure to fill out your timesheets accordingly.
Teamwork makes the dream work.
After using the bathroom, please wash your hands under hot water for at least 20 seconds. Thank you.
Hang in there.
You got this.
Innovation and adaptation are key to survival.
PTO is a wonderful thing, so use them wisely. (But don't hoard them...)
Win-Win.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
Either you run the day or the day runs you.
Winner winner chicken dinner,
When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too.
Work hard, play hard.
Work smarter, not harder,
Whether you think you can, or you think you can't - you're right.
The path to success is a road paved with hardships,
Raise the bar.
Ingat.
Kamusta ka.
Think outside the box.
Do the hard jobs first. The easy jobs will take care of themselves.
Synergy is key.
Empower others.
Stay hydrated.
Having a tough time? Don't be afraid to ask for help.
Please be aware of social distancing guidelines, stay 6 feet apart from other coworkers, and wear a mask at all times. Thank you.
Good luck.
Reminder to keep you passwords safe and secure. Got it memorized.
Got an email from someone you don't know? Report any suspicous emails you recieve. Do not open them. Our systems may be comprimised to hackers and ransomware.
Prevent the printing of excess paper. Go digital!
Show them what you're made of.
The future depends on what you do today.
Genius? Quite possibly.
Efficiency leads to a smoother work experience.
The weekend will be here before you know it.
Life is like a box of chocolates, you'll never know what you're gonna get.
Don't sell yourself short.
The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.
Try your best to be your best.
Don't be afraid to give your best to what seemingly are small jobs. Every time you conquer one it makes you that much stronger. If you do the little jobs well, the big ones will tend to take care of themselves.
Stay active out there!
Young at heart.
Genius machine?
Just do it.
What are your goals for today?
Don't wait. The time will never be just right.
Don't fall short of your goals.
If there's a task that could be done now, it should be done now.
Be sure to wash or sanitize your hands before starting work.
A sound Soul dwells within a sound Mind and a sound Body.
When using the cutting board, please remove any excess paper from the tray and recycle it. Thank you.
Don't fall asleep just yet.
"Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving" - Albert Einstein
"You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step." - Martin Luther King, Jr.
"If I had eight hours to chop down a tree, I'd spend six hours sharpening my axe." - Abraham Lincoln
It does not matter how slowly you go, so long as you do not stop.
It takes less time to do a thing right, than it does to explain why you did it wrong.
The only thing that ever sat its way to success was a hen. (cluck-cluck)
01101100 01101111 01110110 01100101
There's no secret about success. Did you ever know a successful man who didn't tell you about it.
The best thing since sliced bread.
Make sure you know what your tasks are.
There's no I in Teamwork!
Teamwork makes the dream work.
[INSERT MOTIVATIONAL TEXT HERE]
Ocampo Esta Coporation was founded in 1986 by Oscar Ocampo and Dante Esta.
Building quality engineering designs since 1986!
What's your favorite holiday? Mine's either Halloween or Christmas.
Remember to be kind to yourself.
When in a conflict with a co-worker, remember to try to realign yourselves and acknowledge that you both have a common goal: To produce the most quality of work!
Achieving perfection is impossible, but we must try our best to get as close to it as possible.
If you're having a bad day, remember to take care of yourself.
If you're experiencing symptoms of work burn-out, please contact your supervisor and let them know about your workload.
A little stress keeps the mind sharp.
No pain, no gain!
Try to keep your work place neat and tidy.
A clean workspace can be seen as a reflection of one's mind.
What's your hobbies? Mine's are videogames, art, and machine learning :)
Let out your creative side once in a while.
Planning your goals are very important in achieving success!
Be sure to keep track of your work progress. Keep a chart or to-do list, you can't remember everything.
Einstein once said that time is like a videotape recording, meaning the past, present and future all exist but we can only experience the present.
Engineers must be on top of the latest trends in technology and workprocesses!
One of the main qualities of a good engineer is to be innovative and to change with the times. Are you keeping up?
Training is important not just as an employee, but as an engineering professional!
Engineers should be learning new things all the time. An engineer cannot remain stagnant!
Don't be afraid to speak your opinions.
Don't invalidate the feelings or views of others.
Hard work comes in all shapes and sizes. Don't belittle other's work.
Management is important for keeping our work organized and efficient. Don't overlook it.
Employee satisfaction surveys are given at the end of each quarter (every 4 months). They help our leaders understand and hear the voices of our employees.
Are we in the Fortune 500 yet?
Engineering is an art. We sell artworks!
In need of work? Apply for tasks on the taskboard!
Computers are the way of the future!
What's your favorite food? Mine's chicken.
...zzz...zzz...zzz...
Drawings must be completed and sent to QA at least 2 days before their submittal date.
The past is history, the future is a mystery, but right now is a gift, that's why it's called "present"